what's good what's good YouTube got a
jordan nike SB to show you guys today
been slacking on doing reviews i did do
a non feat for every shoe that I've
gotten in the past month that further
ado I'll show you guys my latest SP pick
up and if the label didn't give it away
it's the jordan 1 SB quickstrike in your
black black colorway also knows the
Lance mountains and you got your price
tag of 150 i went ahead and bagged up
the paper and the receipt just because i
don't like to keep it in the same bag
with the shoes this pair is just so
clean I as much as I want to wear them a
lot and break them down so the colors
get off at the same time I almost like
what they look like just like this for
those of you who are not aware of what
these are jordan and nike SB teamed up
this year and they give us a few collabs
this one being the second one came with
the white pair well it did not come with
a white pair but there was a white pair
that you could get as well and pretty
much what this looks like is once you
wear this over time the black starts
fading away on the swoosh in in the
front and the toe box also back here as
well pretty much what will resemble a
jordan royal one same scenario with this
one except for it'll look like the bread
colorway and the differences between the
two are going to be that the souls are
always going to be different these are
going for crazy prices I that's pretty
much the reason why it held off so long
I actually had a friend in one of my
facebook groups who had looked out for
me he had got a few shoes that came in
this one in particular was not his size
so he gave me a great deal for these um
it like I said that that's usually the
turnoff point because i don't want to
pay resale on anything there's some that
i'll pay especially if the price isn't
that much over this one being an example
of that and you just can't go wrong with
your bread and boil colorways i also
really like that first colorway that
came out that i don't think a lot of
people did it was more of the greenish
color away the it looked like that
chrome green i I can't think of the
actual name of the shoe but I really
like that one I didn't like the
translucent bottom but either way it's a
really clean shoe came with the sets of
laces red and blue however these will
not be put in I will keep it just the
standard black let me know what you guys
think about this you don't mind go ahead
and leave me a quick thumbs up and give
me a comment down below I'll throw these
on PC you guys can see what they look
like and until next time guys I'll talk
to you soon peace